Add --log-basic flag (#2567)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-bud.md

Add an image *label* (e.g. label=*value*) to the image metadata. Can be used multiple times.

**--log-basic** *bool*
Suppress progress messages when pulling images from a registry, and when writing the

> output image. Allows build step messages. A medium between `--quiet` and regular logging behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output image. Build step messages are still shown, however, SHA's and other intermediate progress messages are suppressed. This is a level of logging between `--quiet` and default logging behavior.
```
